ehehehehe is Andrew and in today's video
only digital online and today I go
show you the most
creative game is a giant loop in
tornado form a difficult race
Fuck, I played it right now.
It 's very difficult to test, it requires a lot of
skill but skills we have to
left over pure for honking and can
that I'm going to stay in your
front anyway does not rule out
honking to get out the front
op liking nec is a lot of skill but
I already left I left the front wide in front
all dangerous in front of pedro bari
or caralh or forget that this curve
I almost take care I do not shoot where
now it's time for the new pilot who
will now is the time you will see that
the ability of a frenetic and thinking
in good good there came the end of good
but I did not hit a whore that would make me
old again in ct of first that
human character but what a hell of a
madness already managed to look that was
stolen
look what stolen a will-goes on the morning of
tomorrow going in the morning got caught in
third party already has a very
in this race that is ours does not
he's old like when skill gets lonely
With me you know that it will not stay in
second in the second position and my back
What matters do not run away also pass a
new reality says old surroundings is the
rally of the sector is not crazy but the hand is missing
will see that the skill is only in the
skilful overtaking only in retão
cenist
Lucas, I just scream, look at that drift.
People get out of here, out of here.
first place is a thousand is what to steal
that first position while going
pass is not going now in that lupi he
vomited boshe aheta that had not caught
checkpoint, what a scare I did not hear the
little sound check point earthquake
She also goes first now to the bagulho
just pass the first core does not fall
do not fall do not fall do not fall
Ah , my first time lupi
that boss manuel rey caralhos car
convertible
we are first in March only in the
abilities in the skills of the
south to become a German mad with new
now the race requires skill to
we have to burn left over pure off
even maneuvers the car by shooting
a tamanduá plays to see you out of 113
60 or the touch of wim powerbar and enjoyed the
godmother now just run to the
victory stay so far but oh not
It's just that he had no ghosts.
blockade and now that it was only one
needle I'm on this curve a fight
reaching relief fulfilled a close
bad
I love the Flemish lexicon.
greater races
I concluded that the most skilful race
now the human stuff is not only in video
I hope you have liked it or by clicking
Do you like the video there, click the
click click click election wrote
so never sign up to sign up
on the channel there for all of us we watched videos
on social networks are the inscription
the second cruel creature also has
because the former then wrote down
Go there if you can not get into the
first entry into the second to play
with me then we see in the next video
today still still ground